[gasps] Hey! You okay, Sora?
Hey, guys. Sora woke up!
[DAICHI] Your friend told us
what happened last night.
She said you were running from
a debt collector and you fell.
So how did that happen?
It's because they
came after Jinguji.
Who's that?
She was my mentor
in the film club,
and she's done a lot for me.
But even so,
you can't put yourself
in harm's way like that.
But she needs help, y'all!
Her mom is, like,
her only family,
and stuff is too much right now!
[HINA]
Thy meaning is obscured by
thy odd turn of
phrase yet again.
But "she needs help" is clear.
Um. What're you gonna do?
Knowest thou not
who speaks to thee?
I mean, like not really?
Hast thou forgotten the boons
I have granted thee?
For I'm a god.
What was it?
Thou may address us as Odin!
[YOTA] Her actual name
is Hina Sato though.
Silence, thou wastrel!
What'd I do?
In my time among you,
I've been called Hina
so much that the name Odin
had briefly escaped my grasp.
So drop the backstory
and stick with Hina, maybe?
‐‐Huh?!
‐‐Oh, nothing.
Ahem. Yea, verily,
victory is certain
if thou givest thy trust!
Nay, Yota? Hast thou not
witnessed many a miracle
brought about by my hand,
such that thou can hardly
conceive that I might fail now?
Not really.
I've worked them in
thy presence, fool!
Doth thy mind take
leave of thee?
Or perhaps thy eyes see not?
We may be able to do
something to help.
Why don't you tell us
the whole story?
Let us recap now.
Sora's mentor has been
running a ramen restaurant
in place of her mother,
who has fallen ill,
but sales have
continued to decline.
And furthermore, a creditor
has recently begun
pressing forcefully to
collect on a debt, right?
And the interest rate is, like,
are you literally kidding me?
[HINA, DAICHI]
Hmm.
So she's dealing with
a shady lender.
Well, you got any ideas?
Yea, 'tis but a trifle.
We must spread word
of this restaurant.
Don't you think they probably
already tried that though?
[HINA]
I shall take this on.
For I, too, desire to bring
the art of ramen‐making
to a higher plane.
You so don't seem like you can.
Tis wrong to judge one
solely by appearance.
Worse, when that one is a god.
And Yota's gonna help out, too.
Wait, what? Explain!
[HINA] Kitchens can reach
50 degrees or higher.
Wouldst thou have me
endure such heat,
clad as I am in
this godly attire?
So put on some
cooler attire then!
My holy garb must
always adorn me,
till the day I
cease to be a god.
Or till I gotta take a bath.
You do that every day!
And it's not gonna be
fun for me either!
Well, your father has
to get back to work.
You're free, aren't you, Yota?
But my college entrance
exams are almost here!
He says, after a
protracted campaign
to win the heart of
his childhood friend.
Yeah, I get that, all right?
Y'all, it's fine.
Just let me take care of it.
Alas, 'tis plain to see
the task is beyond thee.
It shall be arduous indeed.
Yota. Will you help?
After all, you're her
big brother!
But like, you don't have to.
[YOTA sighs]
Well I have no idea what to do,
but I'll try to help out.
We've got this,
just leave it to us!
So by "us," guess you
actually meant just me.
I have made my full
plan known to thee.
Thou need not but carry it out.
And what are these about?
For that Jinguji
may not recognize
thy face upon seeing thee.
Yeah, I love brain freeze!
Ah! The cold doth pierce
my holy temple! Ahh!
[YOTA]
And I'm worried.
Good day. Is the shop open?
[HIKARI]
Yes, sir! Please come in!
And feel free to seat yourself.
[gasps]
[YOTA] Now that I really
look at her, she's gorgeous.
No, focus!
Enter thou first as a customer.
Then order their specialty,
and thy work thereby commence.
A bowl of your specialty,
if you would.
Right. One Heavenward Ramen!
[YOTA] It's lunchtime and
there's nobody in here.
[HIKARI]
Here's your order, sir.
It's all‐natural
and free of additives!
Thanks for the meal.
[YOTA] Huh. Well it
certainly isn't bad.
Uh‐huh.
[YOTA]
I see.
Thank you once more.
I would say the
flavor is adequate.
But even so,
I found nothing here
that would bring me back
to your restaurant.
Huh?
Ere we might proceed,
it is of the essence that thou
first gain the lady's trust.
[YOTA]
I beg your pardon.
Please, take my card.
"Ramen restaurant rescue
consultant. Yota Narukami."
But you look so young!
I'm 40 years old, miss.
I can't believe it!
[YOTA]
I get that a lot.
If there were babyface contests,
you would win for sure!
There are, and I have.
[HIKARI]
Whoa, for real?
This says "Narukami."
Are you related to
my friend Sora, too?
She's my niece.
You're Sora's uncle?
[YOTA] Yes. Trust me.
I'm on your side here.
Now then. With my help, this
restaurant could become a hit.
So what do you say?
It's one hundred yen a day!
That's so cheap!
Although, it kinda sounds too
good to be true, honestly.
Tell me, miss. Can you
answer this question?
Can she answer this
question? I say, "nay."
[YOTA]
Shoyu ramen.
Shio ramen.
Miso ramen.
Tonkotsu ramen.
All ramen dishes, of course,
but one of them is unique.
So, which one is it?
Uh, well no two are the same,
but in the end they're all
different ways to prepare ramen.
Yes, but shoyu, shio, and miso
are named for their seasonings,
while tonkotsu's name
derives from the broth.
That's deep!
In only three days,
I can teach you all I know.
For the low price of
three hundred yen,
we'll put your shop
on top once again!
So then. Will you take
a chance on me, miss?
Yes. I will. Thank you.
[YOTA]
First off. I'm sorry,
but we have to
drop "Heavenward."
[HIKARI] What? But it's
my mother's restaurant
and she picked that
name herself, sir!
She would be so sad
if we changed it.
Couldn't we focus on something‐‐
Learn to accept defeat!
To call this restaurant
"Heavenward" is a lie,
it's utterly earthbound!
You've fallen from
the height of ambition,
and if you can't admit it,
you'll be buried!
[HIKARI]
I... I understand.
Fallen Angel.
Beg your pardon?
[YOTA] That's the new name of
your restaurant, of course.
[HIKARI]
Fallen Angel?
[YOTA]
Now, you've admitted defeat
and decided to start fresh.
We're taking the first step
into this shop's future.
So, then, what do we do next?
Work on our signature dish, sir!
[YOTA] A good guess,
but exactly wrong.
You're never gonna
make it like that again.
Never again?
[YOTA] The "no additives" angle
won't sell anybody anymore.
You're adding depth
and umami to your broth
by simmering more pork
bones for a longer time.
On the other hand,
you're adding gaminess
and introducing a much larger
volume of grease along with it.
So you adjust the sauce
to compensate.
But that increases the
cost of your ingredients
and your electricity bill.
Can you see the vicious cycle
you've been caught in, ma'am?
Okay. I do understand
what you're saying.
A restaurant at the top of
its game could afford that.
They'd recoup the cost.
But not a shop
that's bleeding money.
The recipe needs to
be thrown out now!
Make me the simplest thing
that can still be called ramen!
Sir!
[YOTA]
Don't add! Only subtract!
No bells or whistles!
The bare bones,
and only as many as you need!
Use as few ingredients
as possible!
The flavor profile of your
broth will be flattened out.
But that's why powdered
MSG was invented.
Umami in a jar!
[HIKARI]
It's finished!
Let's see.
[YOTA]
Ah! It's too good for words.
Please, taste it. You'll see.
[HIKARI]
Okay.
Wow, it's great!
It was so much simpler to make,
but the depth of flavor
is still there!
That's the first part.
And now we create impact,
something unique
and eye‐catching,
so we can get those clicks.
Oh, right! And then
people will come here
from all over to
see it in person! [gasps]
But that'll be easier
said than done, huh?
Here's something.
For the final touch,
drip bonito stock in the soup,
right in front of the customer.
Add bonito stock?
[YOTA] Yes, brew it into the
broth like a fine cup of coffee.
It adds complexity to
the flavor and an element of
ritualistic splendor to
the dining experience.
That first drop that hits
the bowl is our Fallen Angel.
"The angel has
fallen!" Shout that.
What's the point of
doing that, though?
What? It's for impact!
Stop thinking, it's about feel!
Uh. Yes, sir!
[YOTA] Right! Now it's time to
work on the cold noodle recipe.
If you wanna get customers into
your ramen shop in the summer,
tsukemen is your secret weapon.
‐‐It's your trump card!
‐‐[HIKARI] Yes, sir!
So, like, hey, you guys.
‐‐[YOTA gasps] Sora?
‐‐Oh, hi, Sora!
I wanna help y'all.
[YOTA]
But why?
'Cause I'd feel bad if I
let you do alla the work.
Please, let me help.
Whatever you need done,
I can do it.
Like, literally for free.
[YOTA squeals]
Sora. I never dreamed
that I would hear you
say something so thoughtful!
I'm so proud of you right now!
There's a new side of you.
Back to business!
Cold noodles!
Simple dipping sauce!
Just let the stock do the work.
That's all the
flavor you'll need!
Right!
Deal with that while
I fix your signage.
[SORA]
Me, too!
[VOICE 03A]
Wow!
[YOTA]
Good enough for now at least.
Why's it sexy though?
[HIKARI]
It's finished.
[ALL]
We give thanks!
‐‐It's great!
‐‐Wow!
Whoa, nice.
[ALL]
Thank you for this meal.
[YOTA]
I'm so tired.
The ramen and the tsukemen
are sorted out now.
Do I still have more to do?
[HINA chuckles]
But of course.
For the taping has yet to begin.
Wait. As in TV?
Precisely. Such things
are trivial to a god.
For through human media,
half‐truths and lies
may be easily spread.
The ramen rescue consultant
shall spread the good
news in an interview,
and the customers shall
visit the restaurant
from afar in great throngs.
I've willed it, and thus
it shall be so. [chuckles]
‐‐[HINA cackles]
‐‐[YOTA gasps] Creepy!
[HINA gasps] These lizards
come from the depths,
and yet stand on
two legs as men do?
How do they swim without
fins or even webbing?
Flutter kicks, right?
They expend such energy
on simple locomotion?
Get thee to land, fools!
Oh. And I shall attend
thy taping tomorrow.
Yea, I must see to
the restaurant's floor.
Oh, you're gonna help clean up?
Well thank you!
No, dingus!
Could a god be compelled to
embrace something so mundane
as the cleaning
rituals of morta‐‐
Hey, Hina! Your bath's ready!
[HINA]
'Kay!
Guess that answers that.
Admit your defeat!
[NARRATOR]
Mister Narukami's 41st birthday
should be a happy occasion.
But he's spending it here.
His shouts of anger
filling up the tiny space
of his latest client's
ramen restaurant.
First thing. You have to
get them to admit defeat.
Humans have an inclination
to hang on to their pride.
When you're young,
that's a good thing.
But as you grow, you can
get tangled up in it
and dragged under if
you can't admit defeat.
[NARRATOR] And this is more
than a rebranding campaign.
His ideas are also at
work in the kitchen.
[BOTH]
The angel has fallen!
[CUSTOMERS]
Ooh!
[INTERVIEWER] So the falling
angel, what's that about?
A fair enough question.
I'm not sure I can answer.
[NARRATOR]
But the impact is undeniable.
[CUSTOMER 03A]
Thanks, that was great!
[INTERVIEWER] And why rename
the restaurant "Fallen Angel"?
We live in a brave new world.
Drifting through a sea of
information to which anyone
can add anything at
any time, true or not.
Branding itself is devalued.
We've forgotten what success is,
so everything fails.
What brought us to "Fallen
Angel" is desperation.
And whatever you think
that means, you're right.
[NARRATOR]
But the impact is undeniable.
At the age of 27,
Mister Narukami began
a three‐year stint
with a foreign apparel company.
An experience he says
changed his life completely.
[YOTA] I was still young,
obsessed with staying on‐trend.
You can't hold onto money
with that lifestyle, right?
But a thousand‐yen bowl
of ramen is as rich as
any meal money can buy.
And a man can live his
whole life in one good suit.
[NARRATOR] And for the
last ten years, he says,
Mister Narukami has
done exactly that.
Even for outdoor
leisure activities.
What is this? Is this
how you do things here?
[NARRATOR] But today,
he's got shouting to do.
His anger isn't for him.
It's for the future of ramen.
[HIROTO]
Well that was stupid.
[sighs] I was out of
the country so long.
Japanese food sounds
really good about now.
[RAITA] And to eat it, you'd
need me to uncuff you, right?
Honestly, I'm not trying
to pull anything here,
I seriously just want
something to eat!
Oh! Like takoyaki!
Enough already.
[HIROTO] I think I've had
about enough of you.
What's gonna happen
if you won't even grant
a tiny indulgence like this?
You remember when
your financial system
choked on all
those fake transfers?
Do you wanna see how
it does in round two?
Enough.
Oh, boo. I'm just saying,
get me some takoyaki
and it won't happen.
[HIROTO gasping]
[HIROTO]
Mm‐mm‐mm! Mm!
It's been so long that
I burnt off the entire
top layer of skin
on the inside of my mouth
and I don't care. So good!
The essence of Japanese food!
You should have some.
No thank you.
That's so wasteful.
It's a local favorite, too.
[AIRA'S MOTHER] Aira!
Where did you go, Aira? Aira!
Is everything okay here?
I lost track of
my daughter somehow.
Where could she have run off to?
Goodness. Do you need help?
[AIRA'S MOTHER gasps]
Step back and mind
your own business.
Oh, come on, man,
this lady's daughter is
lost out there somewhere.
Shouldn't we try and find her
before some creeper
grabs her off the street?
Fine, but do it quickly.
Yeah, nice!
[AIRA'S MOTHER]
Here's a picture.
[HIROTO]
Aww, she's precious!
Don't you worry, ma'am.
I'll track her down
in no time at all.
[HIROTO]
Hey, there you are.
Found her. Come with me!
[AIRA'S MOTHER]
Okay.
Aira!
Mommy!
[AIRA'S MOTHER]
Why did you run off?
Please don't be upset with her.
That's what led her astray.
An advertising drone.
[AIRA'S MOTHER gasps]
[HIROTO]
I can break it if you like.
Not without my authorization.
[HIROTO] But why? Who cares
about a drone or two?
‐‐Let's go.
‐‐[HIROTO] Aww, already?
Bye‐bye!
Bye, later!
[CUSTOMERS chattering]
[YOTA]
This line is insane.
All has gone exactly to plan.
Just one more thing.
And after that
you can finally rest.
Uh, wait, am I not done?
Sorry, we're closed
right now! [gasps]
Looks like you finally
made it work, huh?
Guess that means you can
pay us back now, yeah?
[gasps] Thirty percent interest
a month is highway robbery!
I have a promissory note
for that robbery.
Full payment, with intere‐‐
Who is this brat?
Odin. Not a brat, but a god.
Like I give a damn
what you are.
Playtime is over!
Hold still! Hey!
Hark! Tag in!
Now I gotta fight a guy?
Who the hell's this joker?
It was he who bade me
to pilfer thy contract.
Get ready for an
ass‐beating! [yells]
Now, turn it
around on him. Do it!
That's completely insane!
Brace yourself, bastard!
[HINA] You need only follow
the numbers on the floor.
‐‐Huh?
‐‐Now, go!
I can't hit him. You punk!
Number seven, with a
left hook as you go!
Holy crap!
Now right cross on ten!
And he's vanquished!
Eight, nine... ten!
Nicely done!
Ugh! Listen here, you bastard.
Got something to say?
[gasps] Dammit! I'm letting
you live, just once!
This isn't over!
Heh. Trifling words
from a trifling man.
But have we actually
resolved the problem?
'Tis done.
For we've possession of
the usurious contract.
[sighs] That's good to hear.
So, my part's
finally done, right?
Wait. Sora? I thought you left.
[HIKARI] I thought so.
You're Sora's brother.
Yep, he is.
Forgive me!
I lied to you in an
effort to win your trust.
I told you I won
a baby‐face contest at 40.
Frankly, I doubt there
even is such a contest!
Oh, yeah, I got that
a while ago.
I used to be a member
of the film club,
so I can tell when
somebody's acting.
But it was a lot
of fun, wasn't it?
Yeah. Good eye.
Right? She's so cool!
[HIKARI]
Either way, our restaurant
was on a downhill slide,
and you turned things around
for us in just a week.
You did that,
it wasn't a character!
Uh, well... Actually,
I've just been doing what
Hina said this entire time.
[HIKARI]
Hina? This little girl?
Yes. It is as he says!
No way. Could she be
an actual god?
Of course not!
That's completely ridiculous!
Things just keep coincidentally
going her way is all!
[HINA] Do not dismiss my divine
power as mere coincidence!
Ya friggin' dunderhead!
[YOTA]
Ow!
[RAITA]
He's here as ordered.
[CEO 03A]
Good work.
It's been some time,
Young Mister Suzuki.
Have you been in good health?
Oh come on, why not use
my first name already, huh?
You are my subordinate.
Sure, but I've also got
the second most common
surname in Japan,
and if you were to call out
for a Suzuki in most places,
there would be a dozen
of 'em right there.
Yes, ergo "Young Mister Suzuki."
[HIROTO] That makes me
sound like a little kid.
Well, my first name is something
else my parents stuck me with,
so I'm not exactly attached.
Anyway.
You called me all the way
back to Japan,
so what am I doing here?
There's something I
need you to track down.
You'll be working with him.
[HIROTO]
Hm? Really? This guy here?
That's correct,
we are now partners.
I see. And if I won't?
Your future gets very painful.
Enough, Young Mister Suzuki.
Do not test me.
Fine, I hear you.
Well if I could get one thing.
I would do a much better job
working from home.
[CEO 03A]
Granted. I'll have it prepared.
[HIROTO] Huh. So this is who
they're sending me after?
What'd you find? Talk.
[HIROTO] Shuichiro Korogi.
Theoretical physicist.
A mind unparalleled
in the fields of
quantum mechanics
and computer science.
Oh, and he moonlights as a
genius software developer, too!
[RAITA]
That much we know.
We hired you to figure out
what he's hiding.
Have we overestimated you?
[HIROTO]
Huh? Is that a joke?
This job'll be a piece of cake.
Yeah, just watch me.